# Software-requirements-data-set
The definition of natural language requirements is a process that can be time-consuming in large software projects. Classifying natural language software requirements into functional and non-functional classes, and at the same time non-functional sub-classes such as performance, compatibility, usability, reliability, security, maintainability, and portability, is a task that contributes to the requirements definition for successful software projects. This classification task requires expert judgment and is time-consuming, being challenging because it is a manual process. Automating requirements classification is a strategy to streamline the activities of requirements engineers. 

Related studies show the existence of scarce software requirements data sets, which makes it difficult to promote, create and improve predictive models that facilitate the tasks of automatic requirements classification, in addition, these scarce data sets in most of them are defined in English, therefore, the predictive models developed cannot be used directly for projects in different languages because the grammar varies with the language. 

In view of the above, this work focuses on generating predictive models of natural language software requirements classification into functional and non-functional classes, and at the same time non-functional sub-classes according to the ISO / IEC 25010 standard, to contribute to the development of studies that apply machine learning techniques in the requirements engineering context for projects developed in Spanish. The study was conducted with a sample of more than 2,800 software requirements described in Spanish that were previously translated and consolidated from multiple data sets in English widely used in other research, of which 1,887 requirements were manually tagged. The translation into Spanish was done through Google's automatic translation tool and subsequently, the translation was verified manually. This data set in Spanish will be available to the scientific community.
